##Summary Of QualificationsOver **3 years of experience** as a **software engineer** in different environments such as startups, Fortune 100 companies, and as a freelancer. Highly motivated and hard working. **Multilingual**, self-learner, **problem solving oriented** and clean code advocate.##Professional Experience* Software Engineer at Market Motive inc.; Scotts Valley (USA) — Sept 2011 to PresentDeveloped new features in **OO PHP and Javascript** and evaluated and solved software bugs for the Learning Management System and the CRM used in the company. Implemented a **group manager dashboard** to keep track of the group progress, our **own API** to let the partners interact with our system, a **low-quality leads auto responder** integrated with our CRM which helps the sales representatives to focus on the important leads, etc. Also, designed and developed new **reporting and analyzation tools** which allowed for growth and optimization. * Software Quality Engineer Intern at Hp; Barcelona (SPAIN) — Oct 2010 + 11 monthsDeveloped a web application in a **LAMP environment** to report and analyze every code modification under SVN which allowed the Software Quality team to increase productivity and effectivity. Designed and implemented new test cases and **automation tools** in order to test Agile developed software products as the ePrint & Share and large format printers such as the HP Designjet family.* Automation/Test Engineer Intern at Apple Inc.; Cupertino (USA) — Jun 2010 + 3 motnhsBuilt an application from ground up to improve the reporting of the Mac Hardware full-scale automated tests, which enhanced the speed of the old tool by 5 times. Developed new reports, **interactive data-visualizations** and **advanced nested searches** which gave testers the ability to monitor test target activities and managers to easily create rich and understandable reports.* Internships and other experience (USA, spain)Worked as a **full-stack developer** in personal, client and some open source projects which each proposed new challenges which made me **auto-learn new technologies and concepts**.Done several internships programs while studying - __ScratchSpace Inc (Santa Cruz - USA)__ for 3 months where I created the base of an application with **Kohana PHP and Doctrine ORM** and **designed the MySQL database** for future interns who were learning to program in PHP. __Yamaha__ (Barcelona - Spain) for 6 months where I worked as member of the IT team and attended the daily maintenance of the **IBM AS400 and Windows servers**. __Atmira S.A.__ (Barcelona - Spain) for 5 months where I actively participated in the development of the company’s debt management software for one of the clients writing **Java with Struts on the back-end** and **HTML and Javascript on the front-end**.##SkillsProgramming Languages — C, Java, PERL, Objective-C (Entry-level)Web Development — PHP, Javascript, jQuery, CakePHP Framework, RoR (Entry-level), HTML, CSSDatabases — MySQLOperative Systems — Windows, Ubuntu, Mac OSXSource Control — Subversion, Git##InterestsI am a tech and programing enthusiast that loves to learn new things every day. Keep learning and innovating are my passions and the things that motivate me to keep improving and delivering. I also love to try new technologies and see how a problem could be solved more efficiently with them. One of the fields that I like the most in Computer Science, besides programming, is machine learning - I really enjoy looking at the company’s “big data” and try to identify behavior patterns and write some data mining scripts.##Formal Education**Bachelors** & \***Masters** in Computer Science — Autonomous University of Barcelona (Spain), 2004 - 2011. Bachelors in Computer Science — EAP Scholarship - University of California, Santa Cruz (USA), 2009 - 2010.##LanguagesEnglish - Fluent verbal and written — Certificate in Advanced English (CAE) & TOEFLCatalan and Spanish — Native